**Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy applies to the Secure Folder, Files and Encrypt app and Easy Folder Lock (hereby referred to as "Application(s)") for Windows laptop/desktop devices that was created by MedhaChaitanya (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Freemium (Free + Purchasable Addons) service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

**Information Collection and Use**

The Application provides capability to reset your password via email. For this feature, the app requires information such as email, first and last names. This is entirely optional to the user whether to provide this information or not.

The Application does not gather any information about the location of your device, IP, file, folder and any other information.

**Opt-Out Rights**

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your laptop device or via the control panel application of windows os.

**Data Retention Policy**

The Service Provider will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. If you'd like them to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact them at medhachaitanya@outlook.com and they will respond in a reasonable time.

**Children**

The Service Provider does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. The Service Provider encourages all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. The Service Provider encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to the Service Provider through the Application and/or Services, please contact the Service Provider (medhachaitanya@outlook.com) so that they will be able to take the necessary actions. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

**Security**

The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information the Service Provider processes and maintains.

**Changes**

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2024-07-04

**Your Consent**

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at medhachaitanya@outlook.com.

* * *

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
